Create a cinematic developer-style intro animation for the website.

The animation should feel modern, beautiful and similar to a tech startup product intro.

Sequence of the animation:

1. FULLSCREEN CODE EDITOR

When the website loads, show a full-screen code editor interface similar to VS Code.

The background should be dark and minimalistic.

The editor must include:
- line numbers
- syntax highlighting
- blinking cursor
- realistic code font
- subtle glow effects

Use a professional developer theme similar to VS Code Dark+.

2. CODE TYPING ANIMATION

The editor should automatically start typing code with a smooth typing animation.

Example code:

def start_learning():
    print("Welcome to the future of programming")

for lesson in range(1, 6):
    print("Loading lesson", lesson)

start_learning()

The typing must feel realistic:
- natural typing speed
- pauses between lines
- blinking cursor

3. TERMINAL EXECUTION

After the code finishes typing, simulate pressing ENTER and running the program.

A terminal panel should slide up from the bottom.

The terminal should display output line by line.

Example terminal output:

Welcome to the future of programming
Loading lesson 1
Loading lesson 2
Loading lesson 3
Loading lesson 4
Loading lesson 5

Add:

- blinking terminal cursor
- subtle glow
- smooth typing effect

4. WEBSITE WINDOW EMERGES

After the terminal finishes executing, the terminal should trigger a visual transformation.

The terminal window expands and morphs into a browser window.

Inside that window appears the learning platform interface.

The window should smoothly scale and expand.

5. FULL WEBSITE REVEAL

The platform interface gradually fills the entire screen.

Add a smooth zoom and fade animation.

The final state should be the main homepage of the platform.

6. VISUAL STYLE

Make the animation visually impressive.

Use:

- modern gradients
- soft shadows
- glowing highlights
- smooth easing animations
- high quality typography

The animation should feel like a cinematic tech product intro.

7. PERFORMANCE

The animation must be smooth and optimized.

Requirements:

- runs smoothly at 60fps
- responsive on desktop, tablet and mobile
- optimized JavaScript animations
- minimal performance impact

8. FIRST VISIT ONLY

The animation should run only once for new visitors.

After that, the website loads directly.

Use localStorage to remember that the animation already played.

9. TRANSITION

The transition between the intro animation and the website must feel seamless.

The user should feel like the code they just saw has generated the website.

The effect should feel magical and inspiring for developers.

Make the animation visually beautiful and impressive.
