Improve the intro animation to make it faster, more impressive and visually stunning.

The animation must feel like a cinematic developer intro for a modern tech platform.

1. FULLSCREEN CODE EDITOR

When the site loads, show a FULLSCREEN code editor similar to VS Code.

The editor must cover the entire screen with no margins.

Include:

- line numbers
- syntax highlighting
- blinking cursor
- dark developer theme
- smooth UI glow
- realistic developer font

The interface should look exactly like a professional code editor.

2. FAST CODE TYPING ANIMATION

The code typing must be much faster and more dynamic.

Instead of slow typing, use a smart typing animation:

- code appears quickly
- some lines appear instantly
- some lines type rapidly
- the cursor jumps between lines
- scrolling happens automatically

The editor should scroll as more code appears so it feels like a large program is being written.

Example code sections that appear:

Python functions  
loops  
API requests  
UI rendering code

Add subtle highlight flashes when new code appears.

3. FULLSCREEN CODING EXPERIENCE

The entire screen must feel like a real developer workspace.

Add:

- editor side panel
- file explorer
- multiple files opening
- quick switching between files
- animated file tabs

Example files appearing:

app.py  
main.py  
ui.js  
styles.css  

Files open quickly and code fills them.

4. TERMINAL EXECUTION

After the code finishes appearing, simulate running the program.

A terminal slides up from the bottom.

The terminal prints output quickly like a real build process:

Starting server...
Loading modules...
Compiling interface...
Launching platform...

Add terminal typing animation and a blinking cursor.

5. WEBSITE REVEAL

The terminal triggers the transformation.

The terminal window expands and morphs into a browser window.

Inside it appears the learning platform.

The website smoothly zooms and expands until it fills the entire screen.

6. VISUAL STYLE

Make the animation visually stunning.

Use:

- smooth animations
- modern gradients
- glowing highlights
- subtle particle effects
- smooth transitions

The animation should feel like a high-end tech product intro.

7. SPEED

The entire intro animation must be fast and exciting.

Total animation duration: about 3–5 seconds.

It should feel powerful, energetic and impressive.

8. FIRST VISIT ONLY

Run the animation only on the first visit.

Use localStorage to remember if the animation already played.

After the first visit, the website loads instantly.

Make the animation visually impressive and memorable.